# Form6_BusinessProgramAssignment


PureOrganic868 was founded by Beverley and Bellini John, their motto is “What you can’t eat, should not be used on your skin” and thus they decided to develop a company selling ONLY 100% organic products, formerly known as PureOrganic868. All their products contain NO artificial colorants, NO chemicals, NO animal fat and are Paraben-free and, as their slogan says, their products contain all the nutrients your skin needs. PureOrganic868 uses social media platforms such as Instagram, Facebook and WhatsApp to receive orders through direct messaging. They also use the manual system of pen and paper to calculate total orders for the week and month.
PureOrganic868 team is experiencing difficulty when answering all orders through messages as the customer circle is increasing. Due to this, customer orders have been mixed up on several occasions. Furthermore, the team takes too long to respond to the customers’ requests and orders.

Additionally, due to the slow production of certain products offered by the company, there have been complaints about the delivery time of the products. At the end of each month, the PureOrganic868 team is required to generate a monthly report to determine their sales and the high demand of products. Unfortunately, due to the manual system used, the team is unable to efficiently create monthly reports of any type. The untimely nature of the reports, frustrate the information exchange process with suppliers and eventually lead to unnecessary expenses. 

As a result, the PureOrganic868  team wishes to have a singular information system that will - firstly, provide an easy to use and unified user interface. The easy navigation of this system will allow the customer to order their products with little to no difficulty. It will then accurately display product availability and associated options. This will give customers an idea of the range of actions they can take to purchase. Thirdly, it will accurately capture the order and delivery details by clearly stating the product that is being ordered, as well as, exactly where the order is to be delivered and at what time the delivery is to be completed. With this, there will be less, if not no mix up of orders made by the company. Fourthly, the system will provide a security feature that allows only secure logins onto the system. Employees will have a security code and ID to access the organization’s customer and sales information. Lastly, the system would generate monthly reports on stock availability, sales totals, individual product performance and logistics. This will give the company a general idea on how the business is doing and which is their most to least sold products.
